Add docs and CHANGELOG for syncing Perforce depots (#18536)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Syncing Perforce depots directly via Sourcegraph UI is supported behind the feature flag `"experimentalFeatures": { "perforce": "enabled" }`, please read [docs for how to add your Perforce depots](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/perforce). [#16703](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16703)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Syncing Perforce depots directly via Sourcegraph UI is supported behind the feature flag `"experimentalFeatures": { "perforce": "enabled" }`, for more information, see [how to add your Perforce depots](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/perforce). [#16703](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16703)
```

> - Syncing Perforce depots directly via Sourcegraph UI is supported behind the feature flag `"experimentalFeatures": { "perforce": "enabled" }`, for more information, see [how to add your Perforce depots](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/perforce). [#16703](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16703)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experimental: Sync Perforce depots directly through the Sourcegraph UI. To enable, use the feature flag `"experimentalFeatures": { "perforce": "enabled" }`. For more information, see [how to add your Perforce depots](https://docs.sourcegraph.com/admin/repo/perforce). [#16703](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/16703)
```
